MEC104<br><br><br><br>MEC104 Experimental, Computer Skills and Sustainability: MATLAB Assignment <br>Due on Friday, 4th April, 2025, 18:00 <br>Assignment Regulations <br>l This is an individual assignment. Every student MUST submit one soft copy of   the   assignment via the Learning Mall before the due date.<br>l A   cover sheet can   be created   by   yourself,   but   the following information MUST   be included:   student ID number, full name, and email   address.<br>l In your answer sheet, all the formulas, derivations, completed MATLAB scripts    and   functions with   original highlighted text   format in MATLAB   editor,   computational   results   in   the   command   window,   and   plotted   figures,   should   be   part   of the   answers. For each question, you can use screenshots to provide 1) your coding in MATLAB editor, 2) prompts in Command Window, 3) results in Command Window, 4) results shown by plots/figures. <br>l There is no hard   requirement on how the answer sheet must   be organized.   You can organize   your report   question by   question   (i.e.   give   one   section   for   each   question). Then,   for   each   section,   you   can   organize   it   in   your   own   way.   However,   the   contents   and   information   required by each question MUST   be   provided. You may follow a template on the next page to decide what information to be presented for each question. <br>l You   may   refer   to   MathWorks   Documentation,   textbooks,   and   lecture   notes   to   discover   approaches to problems. However, the assignment should be your own work.<br>l Where   you   do   make   use   of other   reference,   please   cite   them   in   your   work.   Students   are   reminded to refer and adhere to plagiarism policy and regulations set by XJTLU. References, in IEEE style. can be attached   as   an   appendix.<br>l Assignments   may be   accepted up to   5 working   days   after   the   deadline   has   passed;   a   late penalty of   5% will   be applied for each working day late   without an extension being granted.   Submissions over 5 working days late will not be marked. Emailed submissions will NOT be accepted without exceptional circumstances.<br>A Suggestion on Information to be Presented for Each Question <br>For each problem, for example, Problem 4:<br>1. Equation derivations:<br>1) What equation do you use in your coding?<br>2)   Also give all the coefficients, and source terms   (e.g.,   external   force/voltage),   as necessary.<br>2. What initial conditions, boundary conditions, time periods, domain size,   etc.,   (computational conditions) are used? Provide schematic diagrams as necessary.<br>3. Main programme:<br>Provide the coding below, with necessary comments.<br>4. Functions<br>1) Give information on what is this function used   for,   and what   equation   is   solved, related   to   point   1.<br>2) Provide the coding below, with necessary comments.<br>5. Results<br>1) Present the results required by each question, which can be numbers, data tables,   figures,   as appropriate.<br>2) Comments and analysis   of   the results:<br>If   required   by   a   question, then   you   need   to   do   this.<br>If   not   required, you   can   still   do   this   if   you   wish, which   is   great!<br>If   you   think   it   is   necessary   to   clarify   your   results   and   methods   used, then   please   provide your comments.<br>6. Flow   charts   of   your   programme   (if   applicable).<br>Problem 1 (10 Marks) 代 写MEC104 Experimental, Computer Skills and  Sustainability: MATLAB AssignmentMatlab
程序<br>Write a script. that can generate the figure below using the conditions and provide a screenshot.   Hint: Check the descriptions of   ‘figure’   in MathWorks Documentation.<br><br>Figure 1. Conditions and the example   of   the   figure plotted   for P   1.<br>Problem 2 (20 Marks)<br>P 2-1 (5 Marks, 1 Mark for each small question) <br>Type this matrix in MATLAB and use MATLAB to carry out   the   following   instructions.<br><br>a) Create   a   vector      v      consisting   of   the   elements   in   the   third   row   of   AA.<br>b) Create   a   vector      w      consisting   of   the   elements   in   the   second   column   of   AA.c) Create a 3 x 3   array      BB      consisting   of   elements   consisting   of   rows   1 to   3   and   columns   2   to 4 of   AA.<br>d) Create a 2 x 2   array      CC      consisting of   the   first   and   second   columns   in   the   second   and   third   rows of   AA.<br>e) Create a   1 x 4 array    DD      consisting of   all   elements   of    CC      by attaching the   elements   in   the second   row   to   the   right   side   of   the   first   row   of      CC. <br>P 2-2 (5 Marks, a): 1 Mark; b) 2 Marks; c) 2 Marks) <br>Generate and show arrays following the   given   conditions.<br><br>P 2-3 (10 Marks) <br>Find i1, i2, and i3    for the given circuit using   MATLAB.<br><br>Figure 2. A schematic of   an electronic circuit for P 2-2.Problem 3 (30 Marks (20 Marks for programming and 10 Marks for displaying results)) The   equation   of   motion    for   a   pendulum   whose   base   is    accelerating   horizontally    with    an   acceleration a(t) is<br><br>Suppose that    g   =   9.81 m/s2   ,    L    =   2 m, and    θ (0)   =   0. Plot      θ(t)       for    0   ≤   t    ≤    10 s       for the   following three cases:<br>a) The acceleration is constant:    a    =   3   m/s2   , and      θ(0)   =   0.5 rad.<br>b) The acceleration is constant:    a    =   5 m/s2   , and      θ(0)   =   3 rad.<br>c) The acceleration is linear with time:    a    =   0.5t m/s2   , and      θ(0)   =   3   rad.<br>Problem 4 (20 Marks, with 1) 10 Marks, 2) 10 Marks) <br>Consider a circuit system   as   shown in   Figure   4.<br><br>Figure 4. A circuit with multiple resistors and   inductors for Problem 4.<br>Question: <br>1) Derive the equations for      i1   (t)      and      iL (t)      for all      t.<br>2) Obtain the plots of    i1   (t)    and      iL (t)      for   all      t.<br>Problem 5 (20 Marks, with 1) 5 Mark, 2) 5 Marks, 3) 10 Marks)<br>1) In Simulink, generate a model that simulates a noise-added sine wave  with an amplitude   offset   of -1   at   a   time   interval   between   0   and   0.1   seconds.   Set   the   noise   to   have   0   mean    and   0.01   variance.    Set    the    sample   time    of   the    icons   to    0.0001    seconds.    Show    the   screenshot of   the   Simulink model, the parameter setups for each   icon,   and   the result   using   the scope of Simulink.<br>2) In Simulink, generate a model that simulates the addition of   2sin(2t) and 0.5sin(4t) with time   between 0 and 5 seconds and   show   the result   using   the   scope   of Simulink.<br>3)   Using   Simulink,   generate   a   model   that   can   solve    0.2 +   5u.   +   2u    =   4t       with   the   initial   conditions   of   u(0)   =   1    u.   (0)   =    1.   Set the   simulation time between   0 to   1   seconds   and   show   the result using the scope of Simulink.<br><br><br><br><br><br><br><br><br>加QQ：99515681  WX：codinghelp  Email: 99515681@qq.com
